Add contribution guide for OER (#99)
pyfar/gallery: docs/contribute/contribution_oer.rst

============================================
Contribute to the Open Educational Resources
============================================

The collection of open educational resources is organized across two different repositories:

> A repository containing all assignments including the solutions and a repository containing only the assignments.
> Please understand that the repository containing the solutions is not publicly available.
> To avoid mismatches between the public assignments and solutions, the assignments are created from the private repository and pushed to the public repository.
> This process of creating the assignments from the notebooks including solutions is automated using the nbgrader package.
> As the name implies, nbgrader can also be used to (at least partially) automate grading the assignments.
> For an introduction to nbgrader, please refer to the `nbgrader documentation <https://nbgrader.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_.
> If you want to contribute to the open educational resources, please first get in touch with us to get access to the private repository.
> Ways to contact us are listed :doc:`here <index>`.

Reviewer: I would suggest a shorter version:

```suggestion
A private repository containing all assignments including the solutions and a public repository containing only the assignments.

The assignments are created on the private repository and automatically pushed to the public repository after they have been reviewed.
The following steps guide you through adding your first assignment and publishing it on `pyfar.org <https://pyfar.org>_`.
If you want to contribute to the open educational resources, please first :doc:`get in touch <index>` with us to get access to the private repository.
```

2. Clone your fork locally and cd into the root directory:

.. code-block:: shell

    git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/closed-educational-resources.git
    cd closed-educational-resources

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have Anaconda or Miniconda installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development:

.. code-block:: shell

    conda create --name cer python
    conda activate cer
    pip install ".[dev]"

4. You will also require pandoc. If you don't have it installed, you can download it from the `official website <https://pandoc.org/installing.html>`_. Alternatively, you can install it using conda using the conda-forge channel:

.. code-block:: shell

    conda install -c conda-forge pandoc

5. Create a local branch for your assignment. Indicate the course and assignment in the branch-name (e.g. `course1/assignment1`):

.. code-block:: shell

    git checkout -b course1/assignment1

Now you can create your assignment locally.

.. _creating-an-assignment:

2. Create an Assignment
-------------------------

> To create an assignment for a new course, you can use the `course example <link>`_

Reviewer: Can be linked now
```suggestion
To create an assignment for a new course, you can use the `course example <https://github.com/pyfar/closed-educational-resources/tree/main/course_example>
```
